In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up to
someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up the real emotions,
They still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
This won't do.
Huh?!
Anya doesn't want this mother.
Looks like you're not cut out
to be a mother, Franky.
I thought you could do
better with your magic fingers?!
There's only so much I could do
with your height and build.
I went through all the trouble
to help you out, dang it!
- Want peanuts?
- Operation Strix.
In order to stop Desmond, a key figure
in Ostania, from waging a war,
I, a WISE agent, have been
given a top secret mission.
Although Anya has passed
the written exam in order for me
to sneak into the prestigious Eden Academy...
I never thought the presence of both parents
would be required for the interview...
There's no other way.
(Mission: 2 - Secure a Wife)
Guess I'll look for a wife.
Have you heard?
(Capital City Berlint - City Hall)
There was a burglar in our department.
And they only ransacked the shelves
with the women's personal information.
Awful, isn't it?
What a creepy guy.
If anyone, it's Chief who's creepy.
He was looking at me with
such lewd eyes this morning.
You're wearing a short skirt, that's why.
But this skirt is the
source of my boyfriend's smile!
You've got a good style too,
so why don't you do the same, Sharon?
I already have a child, so I can't.
What do you think about this, Yor?
Isn't the culprit a creep?
Yes?
Is that for Chief?
Let's put a booger in it!
Huh?
Will the coffee taste better
if we put a booger in it?
Yor, you're just so...
Unique, I guess.
I feel you!
She's so out of this world,
no guys would ever approach her!
Now, Millie...
You already look good the way you are.
With a little bit of touch-up,
I bet you'll be the talk of the town!
Sure...
I'll give you the list of my
recommended cosmetics next time!
As long as I can continue working,
I don't really need such things.
But you're already 27, right?
Gotta be careful with that, you know?
I mean, hasn't there been a lot
of spies roaming around here?
So people have been reporting
others for something trivial.
The other day,
a woman in her 30s living alone
was reported by her neighbours
for "being suspicious."
What the heck!
That's just hilarious!
You're quite the informant, eh, Camilla!
Well, I suppose being a single
at that age is already a problem.
Pretty fishy indeed.
I suppose so...
Thank you for the warning.
Oh, right!
We're having a party
at my house this weekend.
Please come as well if you like, Yor.
With your partner, of course.
Aren't you raising the bar
too high for her?
Maybe the burglar would
be lured in with her.
You're a meanie!
This is Briar speaking.
How are you, Sis?
Yuri!
How's work?
All good.
I'm still working hard.
You're kind of a weird one,
so I'm worried about you.
I'm perfectly normal, mind you!
Isn't it about time you got married?
Found a nice guy yet?
That again...
Actually, I'm about to be promoted...
And I'm going to be jumping
from place to place even more.
But I can't just leave you like this,
so I'm wondering
whether I should accept it.
I am who I am now thanks to you.
So I just want you to
be happy for your sake.
I know.
Thank you, Yuri.
I'll introduce you to someone,
if you'd like.
Huh? Oh, you don't have to!
Actually, I'm going to
a party this weekend!
Of course, with a partner...
Huh? You have a boyfriend?
Y-Yeah!
So don't worry about me.
Oh, wow! That's great!
And the host is someone from work?
Yeah, it's Camilla.
Oh!
I'll just ask Mr. Dominic later
about what kind of guy he is, then.
Huh?
You're so gullible, after all.
I can't have you date a scumbag, can I?
Huh? Um...
I'll put my promotion on hold
until I know you're with a good guy.
You don't have to...
I'll look forward to it.
All right, then.
Good night.
What should I do...
I need to find someone by the weekend!
If he finds out that I'm lying,
he'll think of me as a "liar"
on top of a "weird person,"
and never believe me again!
I need to find a nice guy
for Yuri's promotion too...
You got the wrong idea, Yuri!
That was a jok...
Oh? It's so rare for you to
have a quarrel with your brother.
"Shopkeeper"?
I'm sorry, I got the wrong person.
Good evening.
We have a guest waiting for
you, Thorn Princess.
Royal Hotel.
Room 1307.
I'm sorry, Lady.
This floor is currently
reserved for private use.
Did someone order a girl?
Dunno.
Um, but I've heard...
...that a traitorous
scumbag is staying here.
What's happening?!
An intruder!
That woman has...
Um...
You are Vice Minister Brennan
from the Auditing Department, right?
I'm sorry to have bothered you...
But could I choke the life
out your body, Mister?
Codename: Thorn Princess.
The woman was an assassin.
Trained in the art of killing
from an early age,
she continued doing some dirty
work as per her employer's orders.
It's not coming off...
No way!
What should I do...
This is the only formal wear I have...
I can't go to the party...
Found a nice guy yet?
I suppose being a single
at that age is already a problem.
With your partner, of course.
I can't...
All I can do for housework...
...is just cleaning...
Curly guy!
There!
I've copied all the files on all
the single women from the city hall.
Appreciate it.
Someone who's fine with a widower,
has the perfect aura to be
in a prestigious school,
and is able to join in for the
paperwork signing within 48 hours?
Boy, I'd kill for such a goddess!
I can't even be particular about
my preferences, let alone going on a date!
What a pity...
Don't you take pity on me!
A child makes you unpopular?
Is Anya just a bother?
You're not.
Don't worry about me, just go watch TV.
Yep.
Why can't you just use a female
agent from your office for this?
- Hey! Snap out of it!
- A lot of them were taken down
- from the spy hunting going on.
- How could you...
- So there's none left.
- How could you do this to my friends?!
- Well, everyone's trying
- to be a snitch nowadays.
We're too understaffed,
hence even I was given a new mission.
Apparently, I have to "destroy
a certain smuggling syndicate."
Bro, that's a black
business you're working at!
Oh, well.
Let's just get this over with.
We'll just find someone
with special circumstances
and mutual interests to be quick.
She's got to have
a weakness or two as well.
If she doesn't,
we can just make one up.
I want to avoid any
unnecessary risks, if possible.
What are you talking about?
That thing is already enough risk for you.
She really doesn't look like the
daughter of a proper family.
I suppose so.
I need to at least do
something with her looks...
I'll measure your size, then.
Come this way, Miss.
Anya's going to be sold?!
If you behave well, I won't sell you.
Good grief...
Where did she learn to say that?
The seamstress... is already married.
As for the owner... she was
in the list of single women earlier,
but she has been arrested
once before for political campaigning,
so the risk is quite high.
It's not so easy to get things
right with favourable conditions, huh.
Excuse me!
Oh, long time no see, Yor.
Hello.
I'd like to commission
a fix for my dress...
Could you do it quickly?
Of course! You've been
our loyal customer, after all!
Did she just casually
sneak up behind me?
Just whoever is she?
Yor... Yor...
There it is.
Yor Briar, 27.
No record of marriage.
Both her parents have passed away,
and she has a brother
much younger than her.
Both of them are public servants,
and have a clean record so far.
Just an oversight on my part, huh?
I've been so relaxed lately...
Um...
You've been staring at me earlier...
Do you need something?
- Ah... Um...
- No way!
- She could tell that I was staring at her?!
- I'm sorry...
I just thought that you're so pretty...
So...
Are you saying you have a positive
impression of my appearance?
Hm? Well, yeah...
You already look
good the way you are.
I bet you'll be the talk of the town!
Um...
Father! She measured
Anya's height just now!
Who's that?
Just another customer.
He's a father...
I was this close to inviting
someone's husband...
I heard someone who does that
gets killed by the wife...
Well, I can just kill her back, though.
Huh?!
This is bad!
I mustn't have these thoughts, or someone
will find out that I'm an assassin!
I need to act more normally...
A-An assassin?!
A spy...
An assassin...
This is...
...so exciting!
She was hungry for entertainment.
Hmm...
I thought I'd take her as a bride
for the mission, but I changed my mind.
Huh?!
I thought I'd bring him to
the party as my boyfriend...
But it'd end up
as a warzone, so I can't...
Ah... Anya doesn't have
a mother, it's so lonely~
What are you doing,
out of the blue?
I long for the existence of a mother...
Your wife isn't with you now?
Ah, well...
My wife passed away two years ago...
I'm raising her as a single father now.
No one would kill me if I invited him...!
Um...
A pretend boyfriend?
Yes...
I lied to my brother
that I had a boyfriend...
So I was wondering if you'd come with
me to the party if you're okay with it...
But I don't have any weird
ulterior motives or anything at all!
I'll pay you back, of course.
I just... want to reassure
my brother, that's all.
All right, then.
It's a deal.
Really?!
But in exchange...
Therefore, I'd like you to pose as the mother
for my daughter's interview at school.
Mother?
In these uncertain times,
I really want my daughter
to get into a good school...
It's also what my late
wife wanted as well!
You're a liar, Father.
What a good person!
- I'll have her comply
- It's only a one-time thing,
- with a small request first.
- so will you help me?
- Then, ultimately,
- O-Okay.
- I'll have her
- comply with an official marriage.
Let me know if there's
anything I can help with!
Thank you.
I'll see you at the party
next Saturday, then.
Okay.
I've called a babysitter
to look after you this weekend,
so don't go cause any trouble, okay?
Big need for more peanuts!
Okay, okay.
Here's your 10 pent change, ribbit.
Come again, ribbit.
Ribbit?
T Code... No...
F Code, huh...
Details for an extra mission...
Recover the art works stolen from the East,
and destroy the smuggling
syndicate stealing them.
Execute the mission when they meet
with the buyer on Saturday at 18:00...
Saturday?
With that being said...
We must get this over with quickly
so that I can make it to the party.
Help me out.
Hold on a sec!
I'm just an informant, Bro!
I'm no fighter!
You owe me a lot for my services, too!
The 78 stolen goods are worth
3 million dalc in total.
No one would notice if
they're missing one or two.
Leave it to me!
I've invented new spy items
for a rainy day like this!
What a handy bloke.
He sure is late...
I hope he doesn't get
involved in an accident...
Hold it right there!
Who sent you here?!
Bro, I didn't know they got
the whole army in there!
2, 4, 6... There's 38 of them.
I must deal with each one
no longer than ten seconds!
They got backup?!
They just keep coming!
They're all inside the van! Get in!
Sheesh!
Which one should I stash now~
I'll take this one.
Wow, a diamond ring!
You can't pick the
most expensive one, Bro!
I'm using this for that mission.
Shut up! Give it to me!
Oh, I get it...
So this is how it feels
to be toyed with...
But for my brother's sake...
I must maintain a good relationship
with my co-workers...
So I can't afford to be
absent from the party.
You're late, Yor!
Excuse me.
Here's a gift for you.
Huh? I thought you'd be
coming with your boyfriend?
He said he had some urgent business.
Now that's a bummer!
I'd like to see him, though!
Wow, what a lame reason.
That's just too sad!
I'm sure she's lying
about having a boyfriend.
Should we report the liar?
Yeah!
She's gotta be a spy sent to lower
the birth rate of our country!
Now that's just stupid.
I'm sure she's just unpopular.
Just leave her alone.
Man, I was really looking forward
to meeting your boyfriend, though.
M-Mr. Dominic!
Yuri's always worried about you.
Um... Could you tell him...
That I brought a nice guy here?
Oh, that's not happening, Yor!
Do you really want to look so good
in front of your brother?
You'll just end up looking
more miserable, you know!
Hey, stop it, Camilla!
Don't you talk with someone else's man!
I'll tell your brother that
you actually came here alone.
What would she be gaining
from doing all this...?
This is starting to be a pain...
If I killed every single adult here...
No one would say
anything to my brother...
Sorry about this!
Just enjoy the party!
Come on, Camilla!
Help me with cooking the gratin!
So the guy...
Mama!
My eldest son is taking
the entrance exam today.
For the elite Eden Academy.
Oh, wow!
- Through the elite way, huh!
- That must be... the "normal" life...
Surely my brother has always
wanted me to live such a life...
Hey, how come she's still here?
She's got quite
the ironclad will, huh?
If anything, it's already amazing
that she could come here alone.
Oh, I get it...
It seems I'm just in the
wrong place at the wrong time.
Excuse me.
I'll take my lea...
I'm sorry for coming late.
I'm Loid Forger, Yor's husband.
Um... You're not my husband,
but my boyfriend...
Oh, shoot!
I got it mixed up with my mission...
Um, Mr. Forger? You're bleeding...
Oh, excuse me.
The patient got a bit out of control...
It's a common occurrence
within the world of psychiatrist.
Are you having fun, Yor?
No way...
You're already married, Yor?
Why didn't you tell me?
Um... Well...
I'm ashamed to admit it,
but I'm a widower with a child,
so I guess she's just
being considerate of me.
- It's all my fault.
- I won't believe it!
There's no way Yor could have
a smart and handsome man like him!
I'm really going to put her to shame!
Here, have some hot gratin,
fresh from the oven!
Oh, no! I tripped!
It's good that you're
not letting food go to waste,
but don't use your leg, Yor.
It's indecent.
Ah, I'm sorry!
That's your concern...?
Hmm, this is quite the taste.
Yes!
Mr. Ranger, did you know?
It's Forger.
She used to do some naughty work
before working at the city hall!
- What was it, again?
- Stop it!
You used to be called to a hotel and
give a sexy massage to some guys, right?
So lewd!
That's...
It's a "massage" to death since
they're my targets, actually...
It's not what you think, Loid.
I...
That's wonderful.
Huh?
Yor's parents died at an early age.
Since then, she has struggled to
provide for her young brother.
Even sacrificing her own life...
For someone...
To work a harsh job for something,
and for someone else...
It would require an ironclad will.
That is something she
should be proud of.
Shall we go home now, Yor?
Okay...
Thank you for tonight, everyone.
S-Sorry for the husband
thing back there.
Ah, it's okay...
What should we do if your
brother caught wind of this...
Um... If you don't mind...
Huh?
The remnants of the syndicate earlier?
Hang on to something, Yor!
Huh?
How could they find out...
Don't tell me there's a
transmitter in the goods?!
You really are getting soft, Twilight!
Who are those people?
Um... Uh...
L-Looks like the patient's
hysteria still hasn't subsided yet...
It must be tough being a doctor.
She bought that?!
Anyhow, let's get out of here first.
They've abandoned the van.
They must be hiding somewhere.
Spread out and find them.
This way, hurry!
Um... Is it really okay to hit a patient?
Um, that's...
In recent years,
the medical community...
...has been using the cutting-edge
"batting therapy" method...
Huh...
(He made that one up.)
She's so sharp, yet so dense...
I don't understand.
Look out, Yor!
Another one?!
I can't dodge him!
Oh, I'm sorry!
I administered the therapy
despite being an amateur...
I'm actually good at self-defense...
I learned it from my brother, so...
Thank you, Yor.
You're so amazing!
You sent him flying!
I'm sorry for sending him flying.
There they are!
Do whatever it takes and kill them all!
Um... Loid...
I know it's not the right time for this...
But why don't we get married?
Huh?!
I mean... I'm just extending our terms...
Um... A single woman like me
is already considered suspicious as it is...
So for camouflage...
And for me to
continue being an assassin...
Um, so...
If you'd like,
why don't we stay together...
...even after that one interview?
For our mutual benefits...
The only one that would accept me now...
...must be no other than him!
We should drop by the city hall for
the paperwork on our way home, then.
Right now?!
We should strike
while the iron is hot.
Oh, right.
Where did I drop it?
You bastards!
We've got them cornered!
Kill them all!
Yor.
In sickness...
And in sorrow...
No matter what kind
of trouble awaits us...
Let's help each other.
Yes.
As long as I...
- Can continue my mission...
- Can continue being an assassin...
(Mission: 3 - Prepare for the Entrance Exam)